[Keyboard]Atlantis AK7 (#15855)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/atlantis/ak7/readme.md

# AK7

![AK7](https://i.imgur.com/vbPhB2T.jpg)

A 6 key macropad with a encoder

* Keyboard Maintainer: [peepeetee](https://github.com/peepeetee)
* Hardware Supported: Atlantis AK7 play
* Hardware Availability: https://www.aliexpress.com/item/1005003301486950.html

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make atlantis/ak7:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make atlantis/ak7:default:flash

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

## Bootloader

Enter the bootloader in 3 ways:

> * **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the key at (0,0) in the matrix (usually the top left key or Escape) and plug in the keyboard

Reviewer: `(0,0)` isn't a keyswitch position on this board; we should change it to `(1,0)`

```suggestion
* **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the key at (1,0) in the matrix (the top left key) and plug in the keyboard
```
